this morning we got our laptop stolen
and for dinner reading both testicles
according to a study by the UNDP and
world Resource Institute one-third of
all food produced worldwide is wasted
every year we asked our butcher and he
told us that one of the parts of beef
most commonly thrown away is the
testicles so we thought why not after
recovering from our stolen laptop we
started our afternoon by searching for
bull testicles hi I was wondering if you
guys sell balls and you have some in
stock and probably come picks them up
thank you very much we finally got what
we needed
nick was our head chef for today so here
we have my balls they're frozen right
now so the first step is to defrost my
balls are pretty cold yeah we got to
change that my balls got to be nice and
toasty Nick was very excited holy
we used a food busker recipe we linked
in the description where we cut them up
Briella them with flour eggs bread
crumbs and finally deep-fried them there
is no time
first you talk some redbull to accompany
our bull dish Cheers yeah there you go
Oh jump in oh it's like Oh a weird fish
I haven't tried yet who I like actually
taste the bull we all had very different
experiences Matt absolutely loved his
but anything actually five dudes it
evolved usually once it testicles haha
cream sauce for your boat yes please any
cream sauce my balls which where do you
want the cream on you both honestly
honestly tastes like pork and Ammar goat
is down without seeing a single word
Nick I wrecked your balls five stars are
they having become vegetarian after this
personally I needed a bit of extra time
not enjoying this at all
yeah bad little bit of team motivation
we all finish our plates crossed off
another item to Luis and a great time
filming it
see you tomorrow I love this dude